[ServiceNow v2] Added to the Readme file the unauthorized error (#25308)
demisto/content: Packs/ServiceNow/Integrations/ServiceNowv2/README.md

> | Unauthorized connection error. | Check the credentials. <br></br>Make sure the oauth ID and secret are created using the account configured on XSOAR. [Refer the KB](https://support.servicenow.com/kb?id=kb_article_view&sysparm_article=KB0783632).<br></br>Check the roles to ensure the following roles are granted - itil (For ServiceNow v2), cmdb_inst_admin (For ServiceNow CMDB), rest_api_explorer, snc_platform_rest_api_access, web_service_admin.<br></br>Use the client ID and secret in the place of username and password in the instance config. And use the account's username and password during the oauth step in the pop up window.<br></br>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Unauthorized connection error. | Check the credentials. <br></br>Make sure the oauth ID and secret are created using the account configured on Cortex XSOAR. [Refer the KB](https://support.servicenow.com/kb?id=kb_article_view&sysparm_article=KB0783632).<br></br>Check the roles to ensure the following roles are granted - itil (For ServiceNow v2), cmdb_inst_admin (For ServiceNow CMDB), rest_api_explorer, snc_platform_rest_api_access, web_service_admin.<br></br>Use the client ID and secret in place of username and password in the instance configuration. And use the account's username and password during the oauth step in the pop up window.<br></br>                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |   
```
